Mom
The admission letter arrived
I got accepted!
Let me see.
Congratulations!
My daughter finally got into the university she wanted to go to
Ah!
Mom, I'm going up to pack up.
Hello big brother
Tingting has been admitted to university
But the tuition is still a little short.
See if you can make it up
Hello
I see.
Sorry.
I didn't leave you
Didn't leave this house
Daughter won't have to live so hard
Won't die
I didn't mean to come back for money.
But I don't want money.
The RV said it was going to kill me
I'm sorry for you
To go to college
And for this family to get out of trouble
I've finally made my decision.
Sell the house
Sell house
This is the last thing your dad left for you
Are you willing?
Hey, third brother, what are you doing?
This dog pees everywhere
Go away go away
Mom what is that
This is the private money your dad hid